# History of the Company
<hr>
Flysafe Analytics is a sub-division of Flysafe Airlines which is an international Airline company. All the data management and processes for Flysafe Airlines are handled by Flysafe Analytics. The analytics company does sales forecasting, social media analysis and digital marketing analysis.
The customer can book and buy tickets from the website and can leave reviews for particular flights regarding flights and customer service experiences. The website has been storing data for a few years now. Since there are lots of flights on daily basis, flight reviews are there as well. 
In the 21st century, data has become an integral part of almost every aspect of our lives. From the way we shop and communicate, to the way we work and make decisions, data plays a critical role in helping us navigate an increasingly complex and interconnected world.The importance of data insights in the 21st century cannot be overstated. By analyzing and interpreting data, businesses and organizations can gain valuable insights into their customers, operations, and markets. This, in turn, allows them to make more informed decisions, optimize their processes, and improve their performance.

# Problem Statement and Project Objective
<hr>
The sales department has reported that ticket sales have fluctuated drastically and as a part of finding out the reason for changes in sales, the data team is analysing data from different domains. One of the team is analysing the customer review collected from the website. Data from earlier years were stored in an on-premise system and recent data are stored in DynamoDb. You are assigned to the same team as ML Engineer. The objective of this team is to find out the sentiment from the customer review. Since the data is present on both on-premise and cloud your team’s responsibility is to find the best ways to collect the data and perform sentiment analysis in it.
